Step 1: All hair to collect in the tail in the center of the head. Separate the thin strand from the tail and close the gum with it.
Step 2: Divide the hair of the tail into two strands.
Step 3: Start weaving a spikelet. On the left side to separate the thin strand, stretch it over the entire left strand and connect with the right.
Step 4: On the right side, separate the thin strand, stretch it over the entire right strand and connect it to the left. Run three such weaves
Step 5: On the left side, separate the thin strand, stretch it under the entire left strand and connect it with the right one.
Step 6: On the right side, separate the thin strand, stretch it under the entire right strand and connect it to the left. Run three such weaves and turn the braid over.
Step 7: Re-execute three weaves on the outer side of the braid and turn the braid over.
Step 8: Execute three weaves from the inside and turn the braid over again.
Step 9: Thus do weave the braid to the end.
Step 10: Secure the ends of the braids with a rubber band.